docs: document AWS requirements (#2589)
elastic/e2e-testing: .ci/README.md

    - **tags**: a Gherkin expression to filter scenarios by tag. It will drive the real execution of the tests, selecting which feature files and/or Cucumber tags will be added to the current test execution. An example could be `linux_integration` or `running_on_beats`. For reference, see https://github.com/cucumber/godog#tags. Required.
    - **platforms**: a list of platforms where the tests will be executed. Valid values are already declared under the `PLATFORMS` object, using the key of the platform as elements in the list. I.e. `["centos8_arm64", "centos8_amd64", "debian_arm64", "debian_amd64", "sles15"]`. Required.

> ### Adding a new supported platform

Author: @narph I'm interested in your feedback for this particular block

1. Look up AWS community AMIs in the Ohio (`us-east-2`) region. Take a note on its AMI ID and the default use, as you'll need them later on.
2. Add a new entry in the `.e2e-platforms.yaml` file, following the same structure, as described above. The default user of the instance is very important, as it's used to log in in the remote machine once created by the tests.
3. Select an AWS machine type for the new platform, using the existing platforms file as a reference. Our team is actively checking how much cloud resources are consumed by the tests, so please consider using a machine type that already exists.
 
> If you need a machine type that is bigger or powerful, please open a discussion with us so we can understand your needs.

4. Make sure you install the required software dependencies using Ansible. Please take a look at [this file](./ansible/tasks/install_deps.yml). You will find in it the package manager commands and specific filters for the different OS families that are supported by Ansible.

> It's very likely that the new platform is already covered, as there are tasks for Debian/Ubuntu, CentOS (Fedora, RedHat), and Oracle Linux.

> 5. Add the new supported platform to the test execution, as described above: open the [test descriptor](./.e2e-tests.yaml) and add your new platform to the scenarios you are interested in, as a new platform in the `platforms` array.

Author: ```suggestion
5. Add the new supported platform to the test execution, as described above: open all the test descriptors (i.e. `./.e2e-tests-*.yaml`) and add your new platform to the scenarios you are interested in, as a new platform in the `platforms` array.
```

1) the VM running the stack, and 
2) the VMs running the actual tests, where the Elastic Agent will be installed and enrolled into the stack.

#### Running the build scripts outside the Elastic Observability AWS account

In the case you are running the scripts outside the "Elastic Observability" AWS account, please fulfill this requirements before you start creating the instances:

1. Use `us-east-2` (Ohio) as your default AWS region. All the community AMIs that we use are hosted there.
2. Create a "Security Group" named `e2e`. This security group will allow remote access to certain ports in the remote instances we are creating. In this security group please use `0.0.0.0/0` as the Source for the following ports:
   - HTTP 80

>    - HTTPS443

Author: ```suggestion
   - HTTPS 443
```

   - SSH 22

>    - Elasticsearch 9200

Author: As they are ephemeral, destroyed after the tests are run, they are not secured by default, being accessible from outside. It's possible to SSH into them having a Github username added to the `github-ssh-keys` file.

We are open to any improvement in terms of making them more secure

>    - Elasticsearch 9200

Reviewer: @mdelapenya By "accessible" do you mean that just the port is open or is ES running without having authentication enabled (or with a default l/p)?

>    - Elasticsearch 9200

Author: The ports are open and authentication is there, although credentials are in the code itself

>    - Elasticsearch 9200

Author: @cachedout if you agree, we can continue with this PR and start a discussion on how to create ephemeral and secure instances
